Add the loading="lazy" attribute to section about lazy loading (#19747)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/progressive_web_apps/loading/index.md

The image loading mechanism discussed in the above section works OK — it loads the images after rendering the HTML structure, and applies a nice transition effect in the process. The problem is that it still loads _all_ the images at once, even though the user will only see the first two or three upon page load.

> This problem can be solved by lazy loading the images. Lazy loading is a techinque to load images only when they appear in the viewport. We explained two ways to lazy load images below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This problem can be solved by loading the images only when needed: this is called _lazy loading_. [Lazy loading](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Performance/Lazy_loading) is a technique to load images only when they appear in the viewport. There are several ways to tell the browser to lazy load images.
```

> ### The HTML {{htmlattrdef("loading")}} attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The loading attribute on \<img>
```

> This is a way to lazy load images without JavaScript.
> 
> Just add the attribute with the `lazy` value as shown:

Reviewer: Note that the attribute won't work if JavaScript is not activated. This makes the sentence ambiguous.
```suggestion
The easiest way to tell the browser to load lazily doesn't involve JavaScript. You add the [`loading`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img#attr-loading) attribute to an {{HTMLElement("img")}} element with the value `lazy`, and the browser will know to load this image only when needed.
```
